Hello everyone. Welcome back to I'm
going to pack it. I'm Lonnie.
>> Hey, I'm Canvas. Welcome back. We are
middle of the week and we have a lot of
orders to pull and may go into two
videos. I'm really not sure. We'll see
how long this takes.
>> will. It probably will cuz
>> it's middle of the week. Now, it is two
days of orders, so keep that in mind.
But yeah, we're going to be packing for
a little while.
So, let's get to it. Yeah, we're going
to
get after it. Let's get her done.
Oh, man.
It was a
It was a couple of days of pretty solid
sales there, man. Especially on the uh
the other platforms and eBay. eBay did
well as
eBay did well also.
Yep. Yeah, we sold it on eBay, Etsy,
Mercari, and Poshmark.
So, very happy with that.
Lonnie may be doing some packing without
me in a little bit.
I have to go run an errand.
>> Yeah.
So, it's it's been a while, huh?
Ooh, man. I
Do you remember [snorts] how to do it?
You know what? I'll I'll probably only
do that if I have to.
>> Right, the things that have to go out
today.
>> If
cuz I don't really I don't really want
to do I really don't want to do this
without you if I
>> So, I am making priority things that
have to go out today. We're going to get
those packed first and then uh
we'll deal with the other stuff.
Everything will get packed by end of
day. Just might be
Oh, look at me running my mouth. I'm not
ready. Okay.
We're in such a hurry. Yeah.
Okay, this is a This is going to get
bagged. That's it.
Keep this one simple.
I think that that'll fit in one of these
just fine.
There's nothing breakable or anything in
here, so yeah, we're going to go with
this. I think I just dropped a funky
fart.
Do you need me to pick it up? I got it.
I know you have a headache.
Yeah,
one of the reasons we're in such a hurry
this morning, man, I woke up with just a
It's subsided now. I woke up with a
terrible headache.
Which is odd for me.
>> [snorts]
>> I don't have headaches very often.
Thank goodness cuz when I don't like
them.
Okay, we got a magnet going out here.
Magnet going out here. For Barbara.
Make sure it's number. Yep, number 201.
Oh my gosh.
That man, I had Like I said, my head
head was pounding this morning.
Took a couple of Tylenol and then
once I got half my coffee down, I think
the caffeine might have helped a little,
too.
Okay, here's Barbara's magnet. Here's
your next one right there. Okay.
Got some serum going out here. Serum.
Serum. Serum.
Oh, goodness.
>> Serum.
I need to pack fast like Rev.
>> [snorts]
>> Okay, boots. And a big boots. Let's see,
I think I can probably
>> for packing. They are.
Sorry, y'all. I'm trying to stay focused
this morning and uh
get this done.
>> [clears throat]
>> I think a 14 10 6 is going to be good
for this.
Maybe. Maybe not.
No, not quite.
All right.
>> [sighs]
>> Okay, so today I need to order 12 12 12,
16 12 10.
Probably going to order some
>> [snorts]
>> 14 10 6.
Hopefully time to make a
pretty sizable order here.
All right.
>> [snorts]
>> Yeah, we got some pretty hefty packs
today, yeah.
Got a bunch of easy packs and a bunch of
uh not Well, we have one pack in
particular Really? Just one that's a
>> go on the That's I think that might go
on the next video.
On the second half.
All right. Yeah, this is a great fit. I
just got to resize it a little bit.
Okay.
Resized it a lot bit.
That's one reason why when it comes to
the bigger boxes, I'm more even more
lackadaisical than I should be
because I know I have several different
options.
>> [snorts]
>> All right.
It's my box knife over there. Our
resizer. It might be over here.
>> Is that the Is that the one I always
use?
>> Yep. Okay.
I've got a favorite knife.
Favorite knife that I need to put a new
blade in.
>> yeah.
Just one more scrap.
>> There we go.
And then
this and then
this.
How are these shipping? I'm curious. We
had them sent out for ground advantage.
>> [snorts]
>> Going to Miami.
>> That's quite a thing. Somebody in Miami
ordering cowboy boots right when
summer's about to start.
>> Oh, I know. It didn't seem like a good
fit.
>> No.
All right. The beach cowboy.
Howdy, partner.
Let's go catch some Let's go catch some
waves.
We'll catch some rays.
See, is that too long for this?
Probably, huh? Let me see.
No, it'll work.
I'm staying
kind of focused today, yeah.
Got a little bit of pressure here.
Not a lot bit.
Not used to that, huh? We've been uh
been running kind of pressure free
lately. Today Today, we got a little
pressure.
Little pressure don't hurt.
All right.
That's the Barbie thing here.
All right, we got multiple things on
this order. We got flatware
and two bars of soap.
Okay.
>> [snorts]
[snorts]
>> All right.
Put a little bit of a wrap on those.
These are really nice.
And at least at least for this first
half of today's packing, we're going to
be
I guess not talking very much. Yeah,
we're
zoning in. This is the real deal.
We got to get We got to get this done.
Also, this is this is when you really
got to be careful, too, cuz this is when
mistakes can happen.
Cuz when
you get IN A HURRY.
AND THAT DOESN'T MEAN NOT TO GET IN A
HURRY, CUZ WE WE need to be in a hurry
today, but it does mean to be extra
careful.
Let's see.
I should have done these
differently.
I'm going to do them like this.
THERE WE GO.
>> [snorts]
[snorts]
>> ALL RIGHT.
OKAY, THIS ONE'S GOING OUT TO MIKE.
Cruising right along, I guess. Yeah.
See, on the easy ones, we can get a lot
done. We got a couple that are going to
Uh we're pretty much
>> slow us down a bit.
>> do that one. That's everything that had
to go out today. Okay. So, we'll be in
the clear
as far as that goes. Well, that's the
most important thing.
And it was We've had a couple of good
sales days in a row.
eBay has been good. Like yesterday was
really good on eBay. Day before was
pretty good, but then the other
platforms are where we've been
really happy. Uh they've been very good.
And Mercari has been Mercari has been
surprisingly good. So is Poshmark. Yep.
[clears throat]
Poshmark has been really
Yeah, I mean they're they've been great.
I've been really happy.
And I don't know if it's, you know,
maybe it's maybe it's what we've been
listing
or or what. I'm not I'm really just not
even sure. Right.
I'm just happy that's the way it is.
Okay.
There's a hat in that bag.
Yes.
>> [snorts]
>> You know what we haven't talked about
lately? What's that?
And because and really it's just because
we haven't done it.
LOCAL SALES.
YEAH, I MEAN I REALLY haven't been
cross-listing like I was on We we we had
some issues with like uh
with Facebook like we're not shut down.
We're not
we're not banned again or anything.
>> [snorts]
>> Um but we had some issues with
alleged trademark infringement on on
Facebook [snorts]
for some
>> for a fact. that we're 100% certain, but
um
I mean, what are you going to do? Like
this is becoming a real problem on all
platforms.
>> AI or is just taking stuff down. Yeah.
Okay, y'all. We have gotten everything
that has to go out today done. So, this
is a perfect time to go ahead and wrap
this video.
>> Yep.
>> And then we can like take a deep breath,
collect ourselves, and then get back to
packing. That will be in the next video.
Thanks so much for watching. We'll see
y'all again very soon. Bye, y'all. Bye.